# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## Unpublished

## [2.0.3] - 2023-04-20

### Fixed

- Error during Credential Binding in Safari 15 and earlier. 
- Error using WebAuthn in Firefox on Android and iOS.

## [2.0.2] - 2023-04-20

### Added

- Support for Webauthn in Safari
- Support for Webauthn on Android devices using SafetyNet
- Support for Webauthn on Windows 11 devices 

### Changed

- Removed remaining typealiases as they were unnecessary.

### Fixed

- Issue where the SDK was failing to compile in Angular applications.

## [2.0.1] - 2023-03-22

### Changed

- The following errors will now be reported as `FlattenedError`s. These errors have a `type` field, which is the value on the right side of the arrow, and an optional `data` field for additional context about the error.
  - `BiAuthenticate(Deny(...))` => `PolicyDenied`,
  - `BiAuthenticate(SelectCredentialCanceled` => `SelectCredentialCanceled`,
  - `MissingCredentialInRealm` => `CredentialNotFound` 
  - `BindCredential(AuthLib(CredentialBinding(Service(...))))` => `V1ServiceError`,
  - `BindCredential(AuthLib(InvokeAuthenticator(Service(...))))` => `V1ServiceError`,
  - `BindCredential(InvalidUrl(...))` => `InvalidUrl`,
  - `BiAuthenticate(AuthLib(AssertionEncode(Hal(Internal(...))))` => `BiometricsCanceled` 
  - `BindCredential(AuthLib(AssertionEncode(Hal(Internal(...))))` =>  `BiometricsCanceled`,

## [2.0.0] - 2023-01-09

### Added

- Support for authenticating with Auth0 and Okta in the example app

### Changed

- Rename instances of `Credential` to `Passkey`
- Nest tenantId, realmId, and identityId under appropriate objects in the `Credential`
- Update support links in the example app

### Fixed

- Scheme without a path is now recognized as a valid URL when binding a credential
- Issues where SWC wasn't able to compile the JS SDK

## [1.0.10] - 2022-10-17

### Changed

- Existing example app to match the [getting-started](https://github.com/gobeyondidentity/getting-started) app.

### Fixed

- An issue where the SDK was failing to compile after being added as a package from npm.

## [1.0.9] - 2022-09-20

### Added

- Logger callback to initialize function. This enables users of the SDK to specify where logs generated by the SDK are output, and to silence logs by not specifying a logger callback.
- New attributes to the `Credential` model. `Tenant` now has a `displayName` and `Identity` contains a `primaryEmailAddress`.

### Changed

- Replaced existing `authenticate` function with one that now takes two arguments, `url`and `credentialID`. This is now inline with how consumers of the SDK have been using this function.

### Removed

- Optimizely dependency. There will no longer be an error displayed in the console related to Optimizely whenever the SDK is initialized.

### Fixed

- The SDK no longer bundles modules as `eval(...)` expressions, rather minified JS.
